Are you okay? Why do you feel bad?
I'm afraid you'll die before it's done
What did you just take?
How did you drive Wong Tai Sin away?
This is a unicorn bone.
My family heirloom amulet
Can't leave
Stingy, can't even I see it?
Then I'll give it to you.
Just kidding.
Since it's a family heirloom, put it away
Let's keep looking
Since Wong Tai Sin can come here
That means there must be a clue here
What did Zhou Jianzhou say?
The plot of meeting your grandfather
He said my grandpa was sitting behind him
Hands around his neck
Yeah, that's what it says.
I found it. It's air-dried. Is it still usable?
It's too dry to smell
Soak in water and don't know if it can recover.
Let's go back
Let's see what this is.
What plants do you know?
We can put the shoes
The whitest corpse has been salvaged
This will reduce his power
It can also defuse his strength
Quell the Catastrophe
Master Wu
Your old man has been knowledgeable about subjecting demons and removing demons all his life
Take a look.
ashamed
I don't know anything about Dongpo
No matter what
I broke my leg outside.
You guys are pretty free
I quit